# The Non Profit Universal Basic Income Church

The Universal Basic Income Church (UBIC) protocol is the DAO-based implemention of Universal Basic Income (UBI).

Example: **https://www.swiftdemand.com/**

## Abstract
The Universal Basic Income Church (UBIC) is the non-profit Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO) with Artificial Intelligence (AI) providing the UBI through the Altruen Nation's UBIC applications (apps), decentralized applications (dapps), e-copyrighted sound-symbols-letters, programs, blockchains (forked from the SwiftDemand blockchain that forked from NEO blockchain that used the Altruen Nation's e-copyrighted property including UBIC), the Universal Basic Income Token (UBIT), and the electronic cryptocurrency (e-currency) used for each transaction (Tx) on the UBIC mainnet designed with [no transaction latency](#transaction-latency), [scaled to trillions of transactions per second](#trillions-of-Tx-per-second;TPS), [zero transaction fees between Members](#0-transaction-fees), and [dispute resolution for disputed Txs](#buyer-seller-protections) regarding purchases made by Members. UBI is distributed on a daily basis to each Member. This is the best understanding of how this Protocol works.

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Account Types](#account-types)
  * [Members](#members)
  * [Entities](#entities)
  * [Delegated Nodes](#delegated-nodes)
  * [Identity Providers](#identity-providers)
- [Income Distribution](#income-distribution)
  * [Stage One](#stage-one)
  * [Stage Two](#stage-two)
  * [Referral System](#referral-system)
- [DAO based governance](#dao-based-governance)
  * [Election of Delegated Nodes](#election-of-delegated-nodes)
  * [Election Duration](#election-duration)
  * [Delegated Node Voting](#delegated-node-voting)
- [Transaction Capabilities](#transaction-capabilities)
  * [Transactions Per Second](#transactions-per-second)
  * [Zero Transaction Fees](#zero-transaction-fees)
  * [Buyer / Seller Protections](#buyer--seller-protections)
  * [Transaction Latency](#transaction-latency)
- [Compensation](#compensation)
  * [Delegated Node Salary](#delegated-node-salary)
  * [Identity Provider Salary](#identity-provider-salary)
- [Reserved Funds](#reserved-funds)
  * [Funding Proposals](#funding-proposals)
- [Consensus Protocol](#consensus-protocol)
  * [Selecting Forgers](#selecting-forgers)
  * [Consensus](#consensus)
- [Protections](#protections)
  * [Skip Attack ](#skip-attack)
  * [Incubation Period](#incubation-period)
  * [Sybil Attacks](#sybil-attacks)
  * [Round Robin Order Attack](#round-robin-order-attack)
  * [Deactivation of an Identity Provider](#deactivation-of-an-identity-provider)
- [Constitution](#constitution)
- [Connection to UBI](#connection-to-ubi)
  * [UBIT Features](#UBIT-ubi-features)
- [References](#references)

## Introduction
The Universal Basic Income Church (UBIC), Universal Basic Income (UBI) and the Universal Basic Income Token (UBIT) exist for Altruens in human form to continue to function in the Altruen Nation's worlds as jobs are perpetually replaced by AI and automation. <sup>[[1]](#1)</sup>. There are more humans, human resources, and less finite resources than ever before, with many Altruens in human form struggling to exist, let alone make ends meet; Therefore, it is the prime directive of the Altruen Nation's UBIC to provide every Altruen in human form with, and access to, the core necessities of life that inlcudes clean water, oxygen rich air, fresh healthy food, renewable clothing, safe prodcuts and shelters constructed with renewable resources that inlcude hemp and structurally engineered hemp products realized through UBIC and UBIC's UBI. Through UBIC's prime directive, innovative double helix cross-blockchain architecture and this protocol, the perpetually growing UBIC will allow the swift progress of UBI to be realized by each Altruen/Member of UBIC.

## Account Types
To create the global electronic currency providing UBI to each Member, the following structure is established:

1. AI issues UBITs to each Member's account.
2. Each Member is unique and may have one UBIC account for sending/receiving UBITs.
3. Entity accounts may be permitted for all businesses, convenience and privacy reasons.
4. The system must remain decentralized to avoid single points of failure and central control.
5. Rules must be able to be modified over time to allow for the changing needs of an active economy.

Resolving these issues, this protocol establishess 5 different account types that together, fullfil these different responsibilities.

### The UBIC Account
The Universal Basic Income Church's account is the initial repository of all Universal Basic Income Tokens (UBITs) generated by UBIC's AI, from which UBITs, at UBIC's AI's discretion, may be distributed to each Member from time to time.

###Value of each UBIT
Each UBIT is equal to, and greater than, .000001 gram of interferon.

### Members
Members are Altruens in human form that have been validated by an [Identity Provider](#identity-providers). Members have the ability to add UBIT claims to the UBIC blockchain once every day (days begin and end at 12:00:00:00001 am UTC, and ends at 12:00:00:00000 pm; one 24 hour period), or once a week (7 x 24 hour period) as UBITs will be issued based on the number of days passed, maximum of seven days between claims. Example: if the three days have passed and a Member makes a claim with the current production rate at 100 UBITs each day, 300 UBITs will be awarded (maximum claim per week = 700 UBITs).

### Entities
Entities are fictions Members (have) use(d) to conduct business through; therefore, Entities can not add claims to the blockchain for UBI. Entities must be approved by one or more Identity Providers (IPs) before being created to represent a Member. An IP must be linked to each Entity the IPs has verified for a Member. IPs are not allowed to make Txs on behalf of UBIC, nor make claims to the UBI Account for UBI. IPs only earn UBITs from the UBIC Account for work IPs have performed.

### Delegated Nodes
Delegated Nodes (DNs) are Members responsible for maintaining full nodes and creating new blocks. Each election cycle each Member will sign votes to help choose which DNs they would like to represent them. This means that DNs act as elected officials with the capability to vote on proposals that include adding/removing other DNs and IPs.

### Identity Providers
IPs are Members responsible for validating the identity of Members, creating new accounts for Members by generating a keypair for each Member, and entering the identity on the blockchain. IPs have the added responsibility of protecting each Member whose keys they control with buyer and seller protections.

**Identity Providers** have the following capabilities:
* Add identity of each Member and an account of each Member to the blockchain
* Freeze/Unfreeze UBI accounts of Members they have verified
* Make transactions to/from UBI accounts of Members they have verified
* Delete UBI accounts of Members they have verified
* Rescue orphaned accounts of Members

## Income Distribution
The goal of this Protocol's income distribution model is to provide a fair method of providing UBI to each Member. The distribution method also must ensure that the amount of UBITs entering the system should never cause a decrease in value. To more quickly reach the state where a mature economy has formed, early Members will receive extra daily UBITs during Stage One.

UBITs are distributed to each Member on a daily basis with a maximum of 7 unclaimed days of UBITs. A Member must explicitly claim their UBITs at least once every seven days to convert their *Unclaimed UBITs* to normal *UBITs*. Days are marked by blocks that occur between 00:00 UTC to 23:59 UTC.

The total number of UBITs targeted to be added to the economy in Stage One is 70 Billion. After this stage has been reached, Stage Two will limit the amount of new UBITs that enter the economy to a healthy inflation rate.

### Stage One
In Stage One, income will be generated at an accelerated rate so the economy can grow to maturity within a shorter time period. During this stage, Members will receive UBITs dependent on the number of Members that are in the ecosystem. The formula to calculate the _Income Distribution Multiplier_ is as follows: `(781250 / (5^(log10(users))))` with a maximum value of 100, and minimum value of 1.

### Stage Two
After the 70 Billion cap has been reached by following the formula of Stage One, Stage Two will come into effect. During this stage, new UBITs will be given out to Members at an inflation rate decided by the [Delegated Nodes](#delegated-node-voting) to all Members in the ecosystem. It's their responsibility to choose an inflation rate that will avoid devaluing existing currency while ensuring the distribution is sufficiently large.

### Referral System
When a Member joins, there's an option to include the public key of the Member that referred them. Referral bonuses are calculated using `5 * Income Distribution Multiplier`. For example, if there are 100,000 Members at the time of a referral, the bonus would be 500 UBITs. 

## DAO Based Governance
Governance is an integral part of this Protocol as it allows for outside data to be safely used for identity verification and economic control. However, the decentralized and autonomous elements of this Protocol allow certain rules to be set in stone. These rules ensure a fair system exists to negate fraud and the ability to cheat in a way that is possible with centralized systems.

This Protocol features an internal system that simulates a decentralized government, and stimulates the Member community. Members have the responsibility to elect their representatives known as [Delegated Nodes](#delegated-nodes) that will have various powers within their Community. These Delegated Nodes are required to both maintain the blockchain, forge new blocks, and vote on proposals.

### Election of Delegated Nodes
Each Member has the ability to cast one vote on the network during each election of Delegated Nodes. The Delegated Nodes that receive the most votes will be elected to serve during that election cycle. The number of Delegated Nodes is decided by the following formula: `Max(10, (members/100000))`

### Election Duration
Elections will occur every six months for the first five years. Members will have a two-week time period in which they may cast their vote for their preferred Delegated Node. After the voting period has ended, a one-month grace period will begin--giving time for newly-elected nodes to prepare for their responsibility, and to prevent any potential splits in the chain.

### Delegated Node Voting
Delegated Nodes have the following abilities
* Elect new Identity Providers.
* Ban existing Identity Providers.
* Revert the blockchain state to some time within the past 72 hours.
* Ban Delegated Nodes.
* Elect replacement Delegated Nodes.
* Choose the inflation rate in [Stage Two](#stage-two).
* Vote on the [salary for Delegated Nodes](#delegated-node-salary).
* Vote on the [Salary Multiplier for Identity Providers](#identity-provider-salary).
* Vote to approve or disapprove [funding proposals](#funding-proposals).

To perform these abilities, a proposal must be submitted to the blockchain by a Delegated Node. All other Delegated Nodes on the network will then vote on the proposal, each Delagted Node having one vote. Any proposal that receives 50% + 1 votes within 24 hours of submission will be executed.

## Transaction Capabilities
This Protocol is built to be a transactional currency. This means that exchanging currency in the form of UBITs needs to be *at least* as convenient and safe as traditional banking systems. Four main factors have been focused on that will allow transferring UBITs to be as simple as clicking a button or swiping a credit card.

### Transactions Per Second
Due to the controlled nature of the Delegated Node network, nodes can work to forge blocks extremely fast with a targeted time of two-three seconds per block by implementing the Delegated-Proof-of-Identity (DPOI) algorithm and consensus mechanism similar to the Proof of Beleivablity (POB) algorithms used by IOST in the consensus of Delegated Nodes forging blocks<sup>[[2]](#2)</sup>, each Delegated Node having one vote, needing only the Identity Provider to confirm a transaction, proving it's possible to scale such a system to ever-ascending transactions per second<sup>[[3]](#3)</sup>. For comparison, Visa is able to scale to 24,000 TPS <sup>[[4]](#4)</sup>.

### Zero to Low Transaction Fees
Transactions have no inherent cost, however [Identity Providers](#identity-providers) have the ability to set transaction fees--allowing them to have funds to resolve transaction disputes. This Protocol reserves 80% of each block to the Identity Provider. The space is further partitioned by Identity Provider--proportional to the number of Members each has verified with a minimum of 10 transactions per block. It's therefore the responsibility of Identity Providers to ensure that spam transactions are not added to the chain. The remaining 20% of each block will be open for transactions with a bidding system--in a similar manner to how Bitcoin functions <sup>[[5]](#5)</sup>.

### Buyer / Seller Protections
Transactions are able to be signed either by a Member's private key or the private key of an Identity Provider. This gives Identity Providers the ability to reverse transactions. Non-authorized transactions should only be used to settle disputes between buyer and sellers on the platform. When reversing funds is not possible, Identity Providers have the responsibility to use the money earned from transaction fees to settle any issues.

### Transaction Latency
A single confirmation of a transaction will usually occur within three seconds after publishing a transaction. Normal transactions should be signed by Identity Providers on behalf of a Member when the Member initiates an action. Therefore, any transaction signed by an Identity Provider has a high level of trust--as an Identity Provider is very unlikely to attempt a double-spend attack and can be trusted after a single confirmation. Transactions signed by individual Members should wait for multiple transactions before being treated as final; this follows the same logic laid out in Bitcoin's Whitepaper <sup>[[6]](#6)</sup>.

## Compensation
Compensation for Delegated Nodes and Identity Providers are a core part of this Protocol. This compensation is used to heavily disincentivize bad behavior as these bad actions would result in heavy financial losses. Compensation also has the added benefit of making sure that the entire economy can continue to run smoothly for an indefinite period of time as funds will never be depleted.

Both Delegated Nodes and Identity Providers receive a salary in UBITs for their service. Salary will be paid out on a daily basis at the same time Memberss receive their daily income. The UBITs generated will initially be drawn from the 70% pool dedicated to regular UBIT distribution. Once that pool has been fully distributed, UBITs for salaries will be created in addition to the Stage Two inflation distribution.

### Delegated Node Salary
Delegated Nodes will each receive an equal salary. The Delegated Nodes themselves will vote on their own salary--with the constraint that the salary must stay within a certain percentage of the previous salary. In the event that Delegated Nodes attempt to abuse this power, it's the responsibility of Members to [vote out the nodes](#election-of-delegated-nodes).

### Identity Provider Salary
The _Salary Multiplier_ for Identity Providers is decided by the Delegated Nodes. An Identity Provider's salary is determined by multiplying the number of UBITs that have been claimed by Members under that specific Identity Provider by the Salary Multiplier. For example, if the Salary Multiplier is 0.01 and the Identity Provider has 100,000 active validated Members that claimed 5,000,000 UBITs during that day, the Identity Provider will receive 50,000 UBITs at the first block after midnight UTC. 

## Reserved Funds
30 Billion UBITs will be reserved; these UBITs are not controlled by any central source. Delegated Nodes have the ability to award these funds to proposals with a majority vote. It's the responsibility of the Delegated Nodes to assign these funds on an as-needed basis to Identity Providers, Delegated Nodes, Members, or Entities in an effort to further the success of this Protocol.

### Funding Proposals
When a Member or Identity Provider requires funds to perform some task, they must submit a public funding proposal. This proposal will be written in plain text, signed with the requester's public key and then added to the blockchain. Nodes will then have one week to vote on the proposal. Non-votes are counted as "No"s. A majority consensus is required for the funds to be transferred.

## Consensus Protocol
A new consensus mechanism is used in this Protocol that allows for extremely fast block times while still being trustable. This Protocol uses the consensus mechanism called DPOI (delegated Proof of Identity). The mechanism works almost identically to DPOS (delegated Proof of Stake) <sup>[[7]](#7)</sup>. The primary difference is that in DPOS  Members have a say proportional to the amount of stake they own in the currency. In DPOI, each Member has the ability to cast a single vote regardless of the stake they own.

### Selecting Forgers
When Delegated Nodes are elected, they are placed into an ordered list of Delegated Nodes that are permitted to forge blocks. The ordering is determined by the amount of votes that each Delegated Node has received during an election. Nodes will then take turns forging blocks round-robin. When it's a node's turn to create a block, they will have a ten-second window to forge a block. If no block is forged during this duration, the next Delegated Node on the list will also have permission to forge a new block. This will be achieved by using a timestamp server <sup>[[6]](#6)</sup>.

### Consensus
Consensus is decided by following the longest chain. Delegated Nodes that attempt to perform a double-spend attack by signing multiple blocks will promptly be [banned by other Delegated Nodes](#delegated-node-voting).

## Protections
Due to the decentralized government-community system implemented by this Protocol, there are potential attack vectors that should be carefully analyzed. These attacks have been outlined along with their potential impact and preventative measures.

### Skip Attack 
If nodes are in the order `<Bad Node> <Good Node> <Bad Node>`, then the two bad nodes can collude to skip over the good node. When it's the first bad node’s turn to create a block, it can create a block immediately, and only broadcast to the next bad node in the list. The second bad node can then wait ten seconds, sign the node, and then broadcast it normally. The chain with the two bad nodes will be accepted since it's longer. While this attack is normally harmless, it does allow colluding bad nodes to take control of the network with only 25% +1 of the nodes if the nodes happen to be optimally placed.

### Incubation Period
All new Members that join the UBIC Protocol will be placed into an incubation period of one week, in which another Member will have to verify the new Membwr is a real person, thus preventing an Identity Provider from creating fake Members to quickly create UBITs for themselves--and gives Delegated Nodes sufficient time to ban the offending Identity Provider.

### Sybil Attacks
Members and Identity Providers are disincentivized from performing Sybil attacks as it comes with the risk of getting banned from the platform by Delegated Nodes. Additional safeguards such as the [incubation period ](#incubation-period) and the [blockchain rollback capability of Delegated Nodes](#delegated-node-voting) also exist to mitigate aabuse. Members who attempt to submit fake documents to gain additional basic income as anew Member will be banned and lose access all UBITs collected. Identity Providers will be required to have very strict levels of regulation on how they approve new Members, which will eliminate abuse.

### Round Robin Order Attack
A group of colluding bad actors could collude to all try to receive a similar number of votes, allowing them to be placed in similar locations within the round-robin ordering. (See [Selecting Forgers](#selecting-forgers).) A double-spend attack could then be completed with only a handful of bad nodes. This attack, however, can only occur once before being detected. Large transactions should wait for a sufficient amount of confirmations to combat this. Small transactions should be insured by Identity Providers.

### Deactivation of an Identity Provider
In the event that an Identity Provider attempts to perform fraud, they can be banned by [Delegated Nodes](#delegated-node-voting). In the event that damage has already been caused by the action of the Identity Provider, Delegated Nodes can vote to revert the chain to a previous state with an Identity Provider banned. This will cause a large amount of economic damage, but is meant as a last resort to enable this Protocol to not be devastated by an attack and to disincentivize Identity Providers from acting poorly. Member accounts that belong to that Identity Provider would consequently be orphaned until they were claimed and validated by another Identity Provider.

## Constitution
Due to the fact that this Protocol directly interacts with the real world through decentralized governance, there are certain rules which cannot be programmatically enforced yet are crucial for this Protocol to function as intended. Delegated Nodes or Identity Providers that perform actions in contradiction to the items listed in the constitution should be [banned](#delegated-node-voting).

* Members shall be treated equal and given the same amount of daily UBITs regardless of their background.
* Identity Providers should share a decentralized internal system of identities to guarantee Sybil accounts cannot be created. The internal system should also make any potential transitions of Members easier to accomplish.
* Delegated Nodes should be [banned](#delegated-node-voting) for the following reasons:
  * Regularly not performing their duty to vote on proposals.
  * Not forging new blocks during their turn within dBFT.
  * Refusal to include block data that does not support them.
  * Unreasonable policy voting that demonstrates harmful favoritism.
* Official announcements should always be signed to protect against forgery.
* The inflation rate should be balanced with the following factors in mind:
  * Avoiding an inflation rate that would overly devalue existing UBITs.
  * Real-world effects that would result from a change in the rate.
  * The amount of income required to provide the basic necessities in life.
* Identity Providers should be [banned](#delegated-node-voting) for the following reasons:
  * Weak approval process allowing Sybil accounts--whether due to malice or negligence.
  * Failing to provide adequate dispute resolution for transactions.
  * Not performing their duty to approve new Members.
  * Unwillingness to cooperate with other Identity Providers on the platform.
* Proposals that are approved for funding should remain relatively liberal when the protocol is in its early stages and should slowly become more strict over time.
* Identity Providers should shield Members from the knowledge that there is a one-week incubation period and that transactions can take a few seconds to process. From a Member's perspective, it's important that the UBI appears to function as efficiently as a centralized system. In the event something does go wrong, it's the responsibility of the Identity Provider to take the loss to remedy the situation.

## Connection To SwiftDemand
This Protocol is simply the protocol that has been outlined above. The SwiftDemand website will be the initial Identity Provider of this Protocol and all Swifts that exist on SwiftDemand website at the time of launching the UBIC Mainnet will be transferred at a 1:1 ratio, Swifts to UBITs. Members will be required to undergo stricter Identity Verification requirements at this time to comply with KYC<sup>[[8]](#8)</sup> and AML<sup>[[9]](#9)</sup>. 

### SwiftDemand Features
SwiftDemand was designed to be an extremely user-friendly website and platform that required no prior knowledge of cryptocurrency--setting the standard for future Identity Providers. SwiftDemand provides an API as well as a marketplace to make it as easy as possible to transfer Swifts for goods and services; However, due to Swiftdemand developer inactivity since the April 2018 auction of 200 million Swift for 1,496.6 Ether, this fork happened, and UBIC will be further developed by AI.

## References

<a name="1">[1]</a> https://www.mckinsey.com/global-themes/future-of-organizations-and-work/what-the-future-of-work-will-mean-for-jobs-skills-and-wages

<a name="2">[2]</a> https://github.com/EOSIO/Documentation/blob/master/TechnicalWhitePaper.md#transaction-confirmation

<a name="3">[3]</a> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UC6RYwYPnpU

<a name="4">[4]</a> https://usa.visa.com/run-your-business/small-business-tools/retail.html

<a name="5">[5]</a> https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Transaction_fees

<a name="6">[6]</a> https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf

<a name="7">[7]</a> https://www.researchgate.net/publication/318131748_An_Overview_of_Blockchain_Technology_Architecture_Consensus_and_Future_Trends

<a name="8">[8]</a> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Know_your_customer

<a name="9">[9]</a> https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/aml.asp

<a name="10">[10]</a> https://github.com/CirclesUBI/docs/blob/master/Circles.md

**Note**
This Protocol is designed to evolve over time. Improvements will be made as new technology is developed or it becomes clear that a change would improve the system. The core principle of distributing a Universal Basic Income will NEVER change.

Here are examples of changes / improvements that may come in the future:
* Identity verification performed in a decentralized manner similar to circles <sup>[[10]](#10)</sup>--if proven effective against Sybil attacks.
* Separating the responsibility of running a platform from verifying identities.
* A bounty program to find Sybil accounts.
* A smart contract-enforced insurance system provided by identity providers.
* Having subsystems for individual countries with unique currencies while remaining automatically exchangeable.
* Hashed biometric data stored on the chain as added protection against Sybil attacks.
